EDGAR: The freezer
takes you to the Realm.
It's the only way everyone
will survive what's coming.
I'm not going in, Holden
Matthews. You are.
Our job is to protect that investment
as well as the belief system
of our clientele.
[GASPS]
- We're under attack!
- [GUNSHOT]
What's going on down there?
Do you remember what I said about
how you couldn't protect your son.
I have a meeting with the FBI today.
If you ever cared about
me or Luke or Holden,
come with me. It's your choice.
- [TIRES SQUEALING]
- [METALLIC CRUNCHING]
LUKE:  I spoke to the FBI.
They already have an investigation
going on for Hollow Sky.
I really think that they can help us.
[SPRAY HISSING]
[SQUEAKING]
LUKE: Look,
I was the one that called Agent Borden.
And-And this is my family.
You and your grandfather
don't need to implicate yourselves.
We're already involved...
[SIGHS] more than you know.
Everything... Charlie said was true.
All the time I was with Holden...
I never wanted to think about
what it must be like for you...
or your family.
I was selfish.
So...
you could've helped him wake up.
It's not that simple.
I thought what we were doing was right.
The only right thing to do
is to ensure that no other
families have to suffer.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Agent Borden's just finishing up a call.
Shouldn't be much longer.
Thanks.
WILLA: It'll be over soon.
All of this.
- Things can go back to being...
- Normal?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I know you said you wanted us
to stop seeing each other,
and maybe you still feel
that way after today, but...
right now, I'm really glad
you're by my side.
Luke?
Luke, what is it?
WILLA: Luke?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm Agent Gale Borden.
Keep all the doors locked.
Don't let anyone in,
especially if they say they're FBI.
Willa, what is going on?
Agent Borden isn't Agent Borden.
She's been asking about Hollow Sky
and about Arthur.
We can't let her find that machine.
- Willa, come home.
- WILLA:  Not yet.
Fake Borden knows about
the one at Hollow Sky.
We have to get to it before she does.
Until we know who she is
and what she wants with the technology.
Be careful, Willa.
She could be dangerous.
WILLA:  You too.
Dangerous?
She knows you're not FBI.
And she knows Hollow
Sky is your next stop.
They're headed there now.
Then I'd hate to keep them waiting.
Everything in that lab
goes on the truck.
Him too.
DANIEL: Wait.
You said you wouldn't hurt them.
We had a deal.
Arthur and Willa will be fine,
so long as they co-operate.
You did the right thing calling us.
And just in the nick of time.
Daniel,
you know what's at stake.
That technology...
Arthur's life's work,
is too valuable to abandon.
Our cause...
is too valuable.
You'll see.
History will vindicate our actions.
What about my payment?
You said I would be compensated.
You're absolutely right.
Pay the man what he's owed.
- [GUNSHOT]
- [GRUNTS]
[GASPING]
[DANIEL GROANING]
I wanna be mobile within the hour.
[RATTLING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
How was I supposed to know
the guy didn't have the key!
EDGAR: I have a key.
I hid it in a hollowed-out tree trunk,
so no one would ever find it.
This could all be going much
faster if I had some help.
Hey, don't look at me.
I'm not about to stick my
hand in some random tree.
Do you have any idea what's
crawling around inside?
You were in Afghanistan
with people shooting at you.
Listen, arachnids have eight legs.
I've never seen a Taliban insurgent
with eight legs.
EDGAR: I found it!
[PANTING] I found it.
[CHAIN RATTLING]
Is everybody else seeing an empty box?
[CHUCKLES] Is the universe empty?
It's lined with Vantablack.
A uniquely oriented microstructure
of carbon nanotubes
creating a substance so dark,
it absorbs even the most powerful light.
HOLDEN: You made a
sensory-deprivation tank...
out of a freezer.
Dr. Frost's and Dr. Foreman's machines,
they'll transport your
consciousness, no problem.
But not with this level of precision.
Think of this as an express train
to the heart of the Realm.
Great. W-Well, let's go.
Oh, wait. Not here.
Wha... I thought you said it
was like the express train.
Yes, but there are specific
points of intersection
between our world and the Realm.
Coordinates where the walls
between worlds are more... malleable.
My old house for example,
um, where you crashed your
bike, the Bermuda Triangle.
The Bermuda Triangle?
How else do you explain all those
disaeapprig ships and planes?
What do you think they disappeared to?
My old house should provide
us with enough juice
to power your journey.
I just... hope it's still standing.
Yeah, it's still standing.
It's also tastefully remodeled
and occupied by a family of four.
So, what's the problem?
Problem is we can't just ask
a family of strangers
if we can use their house
while I lock myself in
a 50-year-old freezer.
So we get them out of the house.
TESS: On behalf of Dr.
Frost, I apologize
for your discomfort.
I know it's not the ideal situation,
but it is for your protection.
MAN: Hey, what's going on?
Why are we here?
We're running a systems test.
And it's best to insulate you from any
unforeseen gamma ray exposure.
[CROWD MURMURING]
In the mean time, we're
passing out waters
and a snack and if you need
please ask one of us.
We'll be happy to escort you.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
[BABY WHIMPERING]
Does this sort of thing happen often?
No.
But a systems test?
It means we must be getting very close.
Hmm.
[DOOR SLAMS]
What is it?
I didn't get my snack.
Now's really not the time.
Time is running out.
Those people are asking questions.
How long until they start
asking about their friends?
Their friends woke up.
They're gone. They left.
They're not our problem anymore.
I've got five and a half
bodies that beg to differ.
Guys you hired to protect your flock.
Let's just cut 'em loose.
Give these people back their money.
Close our doors.
Couple of months, and maybe
we can get that machine working.
I don't have a couple of months.
You were gonna leave.
Still gonna.
Our investors will hear about this
and when they do, they'll
pull our funding.
They'll confiscate everything.
Technology, IP.
What about Frost?
I'm sure they'll take him too.
This guy, the one you're looking
for, he threatened my son.
He looked me right in the eyes and said
he was going after Holden.
We're all on edge, Tom.
You gotta let me out of here.
You gotta let me go.
You know, you hear...
about things like this
happening in other counties...
the killing sprees and
multiple homicides...
and you just... you think they
gotta be doing something wrong.
TOM: Sheriff.
Sheriff!
Please, unlock this door and
let me go be with my family.
I need to make sure that they're safe.
Please!
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Hi there. Sorry to bother you.
We're from the gas company.
We're investigating a
busted main in the area,
and they've got us
checking all nearby houses
for possible contamination.
Oh, my God.
If we could just take a quick
look at your gas meter.
Yes. Of course.
- Come in.
- Right. Thank you.
WOMAN: I think it's downstairs.
CHARLIE: Perfect, lead the way.
CHARLIE: Uh-oh.
- What do you mean, "uh-oh"?
- [SIGHS]
I'm picking up small traces
of carbon monoxide.
I'm afraid we'll need you and
your family to vacate the house
while we turn off the
gas and get this fixed.
Where's your partner?
- GIRL: Who are you?
- I'm Edgar.
This used to be my room.
And I haven't been here
in a very long time.
Where did you go?
Well...
let's say this... is you...
and... and this...
is your consciousness.
[MIMICKING WHOOSHING]
[LAUGHS]
Okay.
[GUN CLICKS]
Whoa, wh-wh-what are you doing?
Just making sure we have enough bullets.
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait.
This isn't your fault.
Y-You don't have to do this.
This isn't for me.
The technology fell into
the wrong hands with Frost...
and it almost cost Holden his life.
I'm sure there were others
who weren't so lucky.
This isn't going to end
until that machine is destroyed.
Do you have enough bullets?
[ENGINE REVVING]
JEFF: I think I get it.
Your coma sent you to the Realm,
but only your consciousness.
It's like lucid dreaming except...
you're not dreaming.
See, now you're getting it.
But what if you've got this all wrong?
What if none of this is even real?
No, the Realm is definitely real.
Sometimes it feels more
real than being awake.
See, that's what I'm saying.
What if the Realm is the real world,
and this place is just
a simulation that exists in our minds?
What if right now,
you and I are unconscious in the Realm,
and our consciousness is being projected
into this world?
Maybe I'm not even real at all.
[TIRES SQUEALING]
JEFF: I'm gonna take
a wild guess and say that
this is somehow related to our freezer.
[GLASS SHATTERING]
- [GRUNTING]
- Turn around! Turn around!
[TIRES SQUEALING]
Any chance that wasn't real?
Cover as much of the walls as you can.
The aluminum acts as
an electrical insulator.
It will prevent this place from
going up like a Cherries Jubilee.
Have you ever tried Cherries Jubilee?
I'm usually partial to chocolate,
but the sweetness of the ice cream
and the tartness of the...
Edgar, the guy just punched
through my window, man.
Now that psycho could be
on his way over here.
Then I suggest you work fast.
It's a Faraday Cage, isn't it?
And the freezer needs a heavy
dose of electromagnetic energy
for my consciousness to travel, right?
And these walls
will keep the signals outside
from getting in and...
Frying our brains.
[CHUCKLES] You really know your physics.
You didn't tell me you were a scientist.
I'm not.
I wanted to be when I was a kid,
but, uh, life sort of
took a different turn.
Maybe things would be different
if I didn't choose to dig up
freezers and chase visions.
You didn't choose. You were chosen.
Free will is an illusion.
A trick our minds play on us
to make human beings believe we're
in control of our own destinies.
And... we're not?
There's only one correct path,
and it's the one path
you're meant to take.
CHARLIE: So you're okay with this?
Okay with what?
You're putting a lot of trust in a guy
who's had to eat his last
5,000 meals with a spork.
To say nothing of the fact
that he's having us build
a life-size Jiffy Pop.
I trust him as much as I trust you.
[SIGHS]
Okay. I get it.
Last time Holden and I were together,
he got shot and I ran.
I'm not gonna run. Not this time.
[STAPLE GUN CLICKS]
I believe you.
No, you don't.
I believe you because
Holden believes you.
He's lucky to have you
looking out for him.
Ah, it ain't luck.
I'm the reason he knocked his
head and went into that coma.
If it wasn't for me, none
of this would be happening.
If it wasn't for me, maybe
my brother would still be alive.
Look, I know you don't have
a ton of reasons to trust me,
but I also know that the past
will suffocate you if you let it.
Trust me on that.
[DOOR RUMBLING]
It's... gone.
Are you sure we have the right barn?
I'm sure.
They must've moved the machine.
We did.
[GUN CLICKS]
We moved it to a more secure location.
You can see why.
What happened here?
The blood? The gate?
There was an incident.
What kind of incident?
A few of our disciples awoke
from cryogenic hibernation
and brutally murdered six of my men.
That kind of incident.
Where is it?
Why do you want to know?
Someone's coming.
A woman pretending to be FBI.
She knows about your machine.
And you mean to get rid of it
before she gets here.
If you think destroying
that machine will tear down
what we've built, I've
got some bad news.
Faith doesn't collapse so easily.
Frost knew this when he
gave birth to Hollow Sky.
Frost is dead,
and it's time Hollow Sky dies with him.
Frost isn't dead.
He's still very much alive.
[HAMMER CLICKS]
Then take me to him.
How could you not tell me
that Holden was attacked?
And now this guy, he's-he's free?
I mean, what if he goes after Holden?
And what if he hurts him again?
- [PHONE BEEPING]
- What are you doing?
I'm calling Holden. You-You try Luke.
I've already tried. They're not
picking up. Either of them.
- Forget it. I'm not waiting.
- [KEYS JINGLING]
- I'm gonna go look for him.
- No, no, hold on. Diane.
- Stop. Hold on.
- What?
I think I know who can help.
[RUMBLING]
[PHONE BUZZING]
[BUZZING CONTINUES]
What is it?
It's your dad.
This is Jeff.
Jeff. Hey, it's Tom.
Is Holden there?
Yeah, he's right here.
Is everything okay?
TOM: Put him on, will you?
Dad?
Uh, sorry, I must've left
my phone at home.
Are you okay?
- HOLDEN:  I'm-I'm fine.
- Where are you?
I'm at Jeff's.
What's going on?
Sheriff Dayton said
that you were attacked,
said that someone went
after you in a parking lot?
Why didn't you say something to us?
I know. I should have, but I
didn't want you to worry.
Well, he got out, the
guy who attacked you.
A gang broke him out
of jail this morning.
They murdered four police officers.
Sheriff Dayton's with us
right now at the house.
We want you to come to the house
so we can keep you safe.
I wanna talk to him.
Holden, honey, please just...
just come home. I need to see you.
HOLDEN: Mom, I...
- [ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
- Mom?
Holden? Holden?
Hello? Mom?
- What? What happened?
- The line went dead.
- Well, try him again.
- I am.
[LINE RINGING]
VOICEMAIL: Hey, you've reached
Jeff McArdle. I'm not here...
It went straight to voicemail.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Stay here.
[DOOR OPENS]
TOM: Don't worry. It will be okay.
I...
I knew there was something wrong.
The lying, the bruises...
Hey, hey, hey. Hey.
We did everything we could.
[DOOR CLOSES]
- Hmm.
- [SHERIFF DAYTON CLEARS THROAT]
It was the mailman.
[CHUCKLES]
It's for you.
I can't do this.
Not right now. I...
He's killing people.
He murdered that guy
at the bowling alley
and four others, police, I...
I can't just leave my
family while he's...
If you really want
your family to be safe,
you've got to get into the
Realm and close that portal.
He won't stop.
Every minute you're out
here, his power grows.
I'm sorry, but...
it has to be now.
You're still on board with this?
Someone's gotta make
sure these two lunatics
don't let you drown.
Let's get this over with.
Once your consciousness makes the trip,
you'll be able to communicate
with us through this...
[STATIC ON RADIO]
Where'd you get that?
- Did you...
- That little girl stole my bedroom,
so I'm borrowing her walkie-talkie.
And you sure I'll be able to hear you?
Yes, but not for long.
I'll help you find your way
into the heart of the Realm,
but beyond that...
I'm on my own.
Once you arrive, you gotta
close whatever rift
you opened during your last visit.
You do that and no more
of those Hellspawn
will be able to cross
over into our world.
How... is he supposed to close it?
Yeah. How am I supposed to close it?
The Realm has
a... funny way of communicating.
It will tell you what
it needs from you.
I suggest you give it what it wants.
We'll be right here by your side.
[DOOR CLANKS]
[BUBBLING]
[GASPING]
[WAVES CRASHING]
[GRUNTING, GASPING]
[PANTING]
Oh! Man, I hate this place.
Why are you keeping him alive?
Because I believe he'll wake up.
Others woke up.
He didn't.
Frost is different.
He has a bigger purpose, so he holds on.
You have no idea, do you?
I saw what happened to him.
He's gone.
From what I understand, you and your
father never had much of a bond.
Yeah, 'cause she didn't blindly
worship the jerk like you do.
Your father is, present
tense, a great man.
When he wakes up, he'll show us
all how to reach the Afterlife,
exactly as he foretold.
You wanna talk to him?
[WILLA SCOFFS]
[SIGHS]
I'd like to think regardless of
how my daughter felt about me,
if she saw me in this condition...
she'd at least find it in herself
to pay respect to the effort.
So...
how's your brother?
You weren't a great man.
You were a coward.
I may share your blood,
but I don't inherit your sins.
'Cause I'm stronger than you.
I achieved something you never did.
I realized we're not
meant for that place.
None of us, for any reason.
And I'm going to prove that to anyone
who ever believed in you...
and to anyone who didn't.
What did he say?
PASTOR IAN'S VOICE: Diane...
I'm neither proud of what I've done,
nor who I did it for.
I'm sorry I couldn't do
more to protect your son.
Holden is far more special
than you may know.
You are a wonderful mother.
He's gonna need you.
- [WAVES CRASHING]
- HOLDEN:  Okay.
So now what?
Do you see, um, an ocean and a-a light
far off in the distance?
Yeah. Yeah, I see it.
Good. Good. Swim towards it.
Swim... towards it? It's in
the middle of the ocean!
You can make it.
HOLDEN: No. No, I can't make it.
I'll drown!
Not if you swim far enough.
Remember, the Realm
will tell you what if wants.
Just listen to it.
Now...
what does it want?
It wants me to swim.
[WAVES CRASHING]
[GAGGING]
[COUGHING, RETCHING]
What the hell?
This isn't hell...
- nor is this heaven.
- HOLDEN: Frost.
No, no, I-I saw you...
You saw a desperate man standing
in front of the love of his life.
A man given a remarkable gift.
A gift not without a heavy price.
Why the hell should I
believe anything you say?
How do I even know you're real?
Does it matter?
I'm here.
And so are you.
We think of life and
death as a succession,
a sequence of events, but it's...
not that at all.
It's a balance, a cosmic compromise.
You upset that balance
stepping out onto that bridge.
FROST: We upset the balance,
and now you must be prepared
to accept the consequences.
As I have.
That's why you're here, is it not?
Now you have a responsibility
to make things right.
Balance... must be restored.
How do I restore the balance?
You let go of the one thing you've
been holding on to the tightest.
What you're most afraid to give up.
What's that?
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
FROST: You were so young
when your entire life...
changed forever.
You still believe the boy in that bed
has a normal, ordinary
life ahead of him.
You believe he can walk
both paths concurrently.
[MONITOR CONTINUES BEEPING]
I do.
I have to.
Not if you want to save your world.
You can't embrace one path...
while clinging desperately to another.
You want to save all
those people back home?
Then accept what you've
been running from.
What do I have to do?
The Realm requires a
covenant, a blood oath.
The Realm requires a promise
that will forever bind
you to this place.
It requires sacrifice.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[CHUCKLES] You...
You want me to what,
stab myself with that thing
while I'm sleeping?
It requires your blood,
so yes, you will...
have to stab yourself with that
thing while you're sleeping.
Try to aim for the heart.
No.
No way. I-I won't do it.
I can't.
It's what the Realm wants.
It's what it needs from you.
Then what?
What happens when I'm
forever bonded to this place?
Your promise will be affirmed.
The hole between worlds will close.
And my world
and the people that I love will be safe?
Balance restored and all that?
Not until the evil you
released has returned.
But first things first.
It's time to put away childish things.
Will it hurt?
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
I'm sorry.
YOUNG HOLDEN: Please...
don't do it,
I-I-I have to.
No, you don't.
I'm not ready.
We're not ready to say goodbye.
There's no other way. I...
Please.
I don't wanna die.
Please, I don't want to die. I don't...
Please. Please...
I'm so sorry.
[GRUNTS]
[MONITOR BEEPING RAPIDLY]
[ALARM BLARING]
[MONITOR FLATLINES]
[THUDDING, RATTLING]
[HOLDEN GASPING]
I did it.
You did it.
Just like he said you would.
- So that's it? We're done?
- HOLDEN: We're not done.
Not yet.
The hole is closed, but that
thing that attacked me...
it's still here.
Balance has to be restored.
So... what does that mean?
It means we have to send him back.
CHARLIE: Holden, wait.
You can't just pack up and head home.
I have to.
He knows I went back in,
and he knows I prevented
more of him from coming through.
He's angry, and he's
looking for a fight.
How do you know he knows?
Because Holden bonded
himself to the Realm.
What the hell does that mean?
It's okay. I'm okay. I...
did what I had to do.
And now we have to get back home
in case that thing comes
for me or my family.
I'm not going with you.
You brought me here to help you
get into the Realm. I did that.
You need to protect your home. I...
I need to get back to mine.
Coldwater? But...
they kept you locked up.
They-They kept me safe.
Safe from others. Safe from myself.
I'm ready to go back and face whatever
the doctors have in store for me.
I belong there.
Listen, I'll take him back to Coldwater.
You get your ass back home and
make sure that everyone's safe.
Sound good to you?
You're always gonna have us, Edgar...
even if we have to break you out again.
Thank you for getting him back safe.
He's not safe.
He'll need your help.
But... you already
knew that, didn't you?
Holden's not the only one
who touched that freezer
and saw something.
The Realm tells you things
and try as I might to ignore them,
the Realm tells me things.
What did it tell you?
Holden's gonna die.
How often are you wrong?
Well, there's a first
time for everything.
[SIREN BLARING]
I understand.
We'll be ready.
LUKE: She's here...
isn't she?
[SIREN BLARING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Agent Borden, FBI.
We're hereby authorized by
the United States government
to search your property
and seize any weaponry
or technology that may be aiding
or used for criminal activity.
Follow me.
Mom! Dad? Luke?
- Mom.
- Thank God you're safe.
- Are you okay?
- I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
- Nothing happened.
Hey, next time we tell you
to come home, you come home.
You understand? Don't
scare us like that.
- It's okay. Are you guys okay?
- Yeah, we're fine.
- Has he been here?
- Who?
Honey, it's just us.
It's just us.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS]
- Sync and corrections by ByDem -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org